1. Core Concepts - CIA
	C:
		Confidentiality Design:
			1). Masking: data is displayed on the screen or on printed forms
			
			2). Cryptographic: data is transmitted or stored in transactional data stores or off-line archives
					Overt: hashing, encryption, 
					Covert: steganography, digital watermarking

				Cryptanalysis: the science of finding vulnerabilities in cryptographic protection mechanisms.
				
				Work factor: the effort to subvert or evade the protection mechanisms, related to its key-size and the working mechanism used
					For instance: 
					If the brute force attack method is used to break the system (trying all possible combinations of the key), then the work factor is directly proportional to the length of the key.
					Given time and computational power, almost all cryptographic algorithms can be broken, except for one-time pad

				Key: A key is a sequence of symbols that controls the encryption and decryption operations of a cryptographic algorithm.
				
				Key management: life cycle includes the generation, exchange, storage, rotation (ToDo), archiving (ToDo), and destruction of the key


			3). Encryption algorithms:
				Symmetric:
					a single key for encryption and decryption 
					Advantages: fast and efficient
					Challenges:	key exchange and management without compromising secrecy
								scalability, more number of users, more keys
								non-repudiation not addressed

				Asymmetric:
					Confidentiality: you use their public key to write message and they use their private key to read it
					(Digital Signing: you use your private key to write message's signature, and they use your public key to check if it's really yours)
					Advantages:
						solve all challenges of symmetric

			4). Encryption Applications:
				Digital Certificates:
					 Issued To
					 Issued By: (Certificate Authority name)
					 Validity Period: issued on, expires on
					 Finger Prints

				Digital Signatures

	I:
		Hashing: 
			Assuring data integrity: sent original data with hash value, receive data and hash value with same hash
			Collision free: computationally infeasible to compute the same hash value on two different input
				Salted hash
					Two people have same password, but different user name
					Normal hash, hash value for PW will be the same
					Salted hash, adding random bytes to original value, to get different hash values
			Common hash functions: 
				MD2,MD4,MD5
				SHA-0,SHA-1,SHA-2(SHA-256/224, SHA-512/384)
				HAVAL

		Referential Integrity:
			DB primary keys and foreign keys

		Resource Locking:
			Deadlock

	A:
		Replication:
			data, database, software -> redundancy
			master-slave or primary-secondary backup scheme

		Failover:
			Automatic switching from an active transactional software, server, system, hardware component or network to a standby (or redundant) system

		Scalability:
			Vertical scaling means that additional resources are added to the existing node.
			Horizontal scaling means that newer nodes are added to the existing node.

2. Core Concepts - AAA
	Authentication:
		multi-factor
		single-sign-on (SSO)

	Authorization:

	Accountability


3. Principles
	good enough
	least privilege
	separation of duties
	defense in depth
	fail safe
	economy of mechanism
	complete mediation
	open design
	lease common mechanism
	psychological acceptability
	weakest link
	leverage existing components
	single point of failure

4. Interconnectivity: inter-connectivity between components
	session:
		control communication sessions: users and program, program elements
		HTTPS
		individual communications should be separately encrypted
		major concern: where to employ the methods
	exception:
		no information leakage
	configuration

5. Interfaces
	Logging provides data, interface is the way how data can be accessed by security and support team

		1) management consoles

		2) log interfaces

		3) In-band management:
			use the same communication channel as application
			simple in terms of communications
			exposed to the same threats as communication channel

		4) Out-of-band:
			separate communication
			allows management when app under attack
			more resources

	separate management interface allow users to management security reporting and give best presentations 

1 b ?
2 c
3 a 
4 d ?
5 d x

6 a x
7 d
8 b
9 a
0 c

1 a
2 d ?
3 d
4 b
5 c

